---
title: 'Terms and Conditions'
layout: '~/layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro'
---

_Last updated_: September 29, 2023

These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of MonitoRSS's official Website, located at https://monitorss.xyz and all its subdomains.

By accessing this website we assume you accept these terms and conditions. Do not continue to use MonitoRSS if you do not agree to take all of the terms and conditions stated on this page.

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:

- **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

- **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to MonitoRSS.

- **Affiliate** means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.

- **Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

- **Website** refers to MonitoRSS, accessible from [https://monitorss.xyz](https://monitorss.xyz) and all its subdomains.

- **Service** refers to the Website.

- **Country** refers to: United States

- **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

- **Third-party Social Media Service** means any services or content (including data, information, products or services) provided by a third-party that may be displayed, included or made available by the Service.

- **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

- **Cookies** are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.

- **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

- **Terms and Conditions** (also referred as "Terms") mean these Terms and Conditions that form the entire agreement between You and the Company regarding the use of the Service. This Terms and Conditions agreement is a Demo.

## Acknowledgment

These are the Terms and Conditions governing the use of this Service and the agreement that operates between You and the Company. These Terms and Conditions set out the rights and obligations of all users regarding the use of the Service.

Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.

By accessing or using the Service You agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. If You disagree with any part of these Terms and Conditions then You may not access the Service.

You represent that you are over the age of 18\. The Company does not permit those under 18 to use the Service.

Your access to and use of the Service is also conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with the Privacy Policy of the Company. Our Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your personal information when You use the Application or the Website and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. Please read Our Privacy Policy carefully before using Our Service.

## Cookies

We employ the use of cookies. By accessing MonitoRSS, you agreed to use cookies in agreement with the MonitoRSS's Privacy Policy.

Most interactive websites use cookies to let us retrieve the user’s details for each visit. Cookies are used by our website to enable the functionality of certain areas to make it easier for people visiting our website. Some of our affiliate/advertising partners may also use cookies.

## User Generated Contributions

The Website does not offer users to submit or post content. We may provide you with the opportunity to create, submit, post, display, transmit, perform, publish, distribute, or broadcast content and materials to us or on the Website, including but not limited to text, writings, video, audio, photographs, graphics, comments, suggestions, or personal information or other material (collectively, "Contributions"). Contributions may be viewable by other users of the Website and through third-party websites. As such, any Contributions you transmit may be treated in accordance with the Website Privacy Policy. When you create or make available any Contributions, you thereby represent and warrant that:

- The creation, distribution, transmission, public display, or performance, and the accessing, downloading, or copying of your Contributions do not and will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or moral rights of any third party.
- You are the creator and owner of or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, releases, and permissions to use and to authorize us, the Website, and other users of the Website to use your Contributions in any manner contemplated by the Website and these Terms of Use.
- You have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in your Contributions to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of your Contributions in any manner contemplated by the Website and these Terms of Use.
- Your Contributions are not false, inaccurate, or misleading.
- Your Contributions are not unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, pyramid schemes, chain letters, spam, mass mailings, or other forms of solicitation.
- Your Contributions are not obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, violent, harassing, libelous, slanderous, or otherwise objectionable (as determined by us).
- Your Contributions do not ridicule, mock, disparage, intimidate, or abuse anyone.
- Your Contributions do not advocate the violent overthrow of any government or incite, encourage, or threaten physical harm against another.
- Your Contributions do not violate any applicable law, regulation, or rule.
- Your Contributions do not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party.
- Your Contributions do not contain any material that solicits personal information from anyone under the age of 18 or exploits people under the age of 18 in a sexual or violent manner.
- Your Contributions do not violate any applicable law concerning child pornography, or otherwise intended to protect the health or well-being of minors;
- Your Contributions do not include any offensive comments that are connected to race, national origin, gender, sexual preference, or physical handicap.
- Your Contributions do not otherwise violate, or link to material that violates, any provision of these Terms of Use, or any applicable law or regulation.

Any use of the Website in violation of the foregoing violates these Terms of Use and may result in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use the Website.

## Contribution License

You and the Website agree that we may access, store, process, and use any information and personal data that you provide following the terms of the Privacy Policy and your choices (including settings).

By submitting suggestions or other feedback regarding the Website, you agree that we can use and share such feedback for any purpose without compensation to you.

We do not assert any ownership over your Contributions. You retain full ownership of all of your Contributions and any intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights associated with your Contributions. We are not liable for any statements or representations in your Contributions provided by you in any area on the Website. You are solely responsible for your Contributions to the Website and you expressly agree to exonerate us from any and all responsibility and to refrain from any legal action against us regarding your Contributions.

## Reservation of Rights

We reserve the right to request that you remove all links or any particular link to our Website. You approve to immediately remove all links to our Website upon request. We also reserve the right to amen these terms and conditions and it’s linking policy at any time. By continuously linking to our Website, you agree to be bound to and follow these linking terms and conditions.

## Content Liability

We shall not be hold responsible for any content that appears on your Website. You agree to protect and defend us against all claims that is rising on your Website. No link(s) should appear on any Website that may be interpreted as libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third party rights.

## Your Privacy

Please read our Privacy Policy: https://monitorss.xyz/privacy-policy. By using the Services, you agree to be bound by our privacy Policy, which is incorporated into these Legal Terms. Please be advised the Services are hosted in the United States. If you access the Services from any other region of the world with laws or other requirements governing personal data collection, use, or disclosure hat differ from applicable laws in the United States, then through your continued use of the Services, you are transferring your data to the United States, and you expressly consent to have your data transferred to and processed in the United States.

## Removal of links from our website

If you find any link on our Website that is offensive for any reason, you are free to contact and inform us any moment. We will consider requests to remove links but we are not obligated to or so or to respond to you directly.

We do not ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we promise to ensure that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up to date.

## Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by the Company.

The Company has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that the Company shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.

We strongly advise You to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that You visit.

## Fees and Payments

You may be required to purchase or pay a fee to access some of our services. You agree to provide current, complete, and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made via the Site. You further agree to promptly update account and payment information, including email address, payment method, and payment card expiration date, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed. We bill you through an online billing account for purchases made via the Site. Sales tax will be added to the price of purchases as deemed required by us. We may change prices at any time. All fees are stated and payable in United States Dollars (USD), unless otherwise specified.

You agree to pay all charges or fees at the prices then in effect for your purchases, and you authorize us to charge your chosen payment provider for any such amounts upon making your purchase. If your purchase is subject to recurring charges, then you consent to our charging your payment method on a recurring basis without requiring your prior approval for each recurring charge, until you notify us of your cancellation.

All fees are generally non-refundable unless otherwise expressly stated in this Agreement. However, we understand that exceptional circumstances may arise, and refund requests may be considered on a discretionary basis. We appreciate your understanding that refunds are not guaranteed and will be assessed based on the circumstances surrounding each individual case.

We reserve the right to correct any errors or mistakes in pricing, even if we have already requested or received payment. We also reserve the right to modify fees for our Service at any time with prior notice before the start of your next billing cycle for any reason at our discretion. This notice will be provided to the email address associated with your billing account and/or via a notice on the Site interface. If you do not wish to pay the new fees, you may cancel the applicable Service prior to the change going into effect. Your continued use of the Service after the change in fees goes into effect constitutes your agreement to pay the changed amount.

## Cancellation Policy

You can cancel your subscription at any time by logging into your account or contacting us using the contact information provided below. Your cancellation will take effect at the end of the current paid term. If you are unsatisfied with our services, please email us at support@monitorss.xyz.

## Termination

We may terminate or suspend Your access immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if You breach these Terms and Conditions.

Upon termination, Your right to use the Service will cease immediately.

## "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" Disclaimer

The Service is provided to You "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" and with all faults and defects without warranty of any kind. To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, the Company, on its own behalf and on behalf of its Affiliates and its and their respective licensors and service providers, expressly disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to the Service, including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, and warranties that may arise out of course of dealing, course of performance, usage or trade practice. Without limitation to the foregoing, the Company provides no warranty or undertaking, and makes no representation of any kind that the Service will meet Your requirements, achieve any intended results, be compatible or work with any other software, applications, systems or services, operate without interruption, meet any performance or reliability standards or be error free or that any errors or defects can or will be corrected.

Without limiting the foregoing, neither the Company nor any of the company's provider makes any representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied: (i) as to the operation or availability of the Service, or the information, content, and materials or products included thereon; (ii) that the Service will be uninterrupted or error-free; (iii) as to the accuracy, reliability, or currency of any information or content provided through the Service; or (iv) that the Service, its servers, the content, or e-mails sent from or on behalf of the Company are free of viruses, scripts, trojan horses, worms, malware, timebombs or other harmful components.

Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain types of warranties or limitations on applicable statutory rights of a consumer, so some or all of the above exclusions and limitations may not apply to You. But in such a case the exclusions and limitations set forth in this section shall be applied to the greatest extent enforceable under applicable law.

## Governing Law

The laws of the Country, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern this Terms and Your use of the Service. Your use of the Application may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.

## Disputes Resolution

If You have any concern or dispute about the Service, You agree to first try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting the Company.

## Changes to These Terms and Conditions

We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material We will make reasonable efforts to provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at Our sole discretion.

By continuing to access or use Our Service after those revisions become effective, You agree to be bound by the revised terms. If You do not agree to the new terms, in whole or in part, please stop using the website and the Service.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions, You can contact us:

- By email: support@monitorss.xyz
